oh my God I love this wow
yeah that is gorgeous on you
no I think you need it I think so too
excuse me can we get some help over here
oh my gosh this dress
I'm definitely getting these
I'm the VIP sales manager here
perfect can you add this dress
and then the shoes my friend just tried on to the top
oh also
we'll just take all of this yeah
you know what no
not for a couple of shameless thieves
what I can smell a gold digger from miles away
and a thief from even farther
are you accusing us of stealing
we're gonna pay for all of this
no you won't
this card that you gave me
this belongs to Nathan Forbes
neither of you are Nathan Forbes
and I don't know which one of you
crawled into his bed and stole it
but he sure as hell didn't give it to you
do you know who we are
say that for the police
give me my card what the hell
I'm gonna get you fired yes
yes I have two con women here
using Nathan Forbes's black card
yes that Nathan Forbes
oh I am sure they stole it
I am positive please send security as soon as possible
yeah I'll call Annex thank you